Release 0.2.0-rc.1 (#177)
camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog Identity And Consent Management

## Table of Contents

> - [v0.2.0-rc](#v020-rc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [v0.2.0-rc1](#v020-rc)
```

> - [v0.2.0-rc1](#v020-rc)

Reviewer 2: The link should be like that:

```suggestion
- [v0.2.0-rc.1](#v020-rc1)
```

- [v0.1.0 - Initial version](#v010---initial-version)

> # v0.2.0-rc

Reviewer 2: According to  https://wiki.camaraproject.org/display/CAM/Meta-release+Process#MetareleaseProcess-Versionandreleasenumbering the version number should follow the template `x.y.z-rc.n`

```suggestion
# v0.2.0-rc.1
```
Then the links and subsequent occurrences should be modified accordingly.

Reviewer 3: @sebdewet @AxelNennker, Jesús is on holiday and as I am not codeowner I cannot send a commit. Can you do it for me?, I'm fine with this correction. The change is a replace all _0-rc_ to _0-rc.1_, except in line 5 where has to be _0-rc1_ to make link work. Thanks!

> # v0.2.0-rc.1

Reviewer: this is correct ... "v0.2.0-rc.1"

**This is the release candidate version for "Identity And Consent Management" release 0.2.0**

## Please note:

* The working group agreed to proceed directly with a **Release Candidate** version, bypassing the **ALPHA** release, given the stability and closed scope of the 0.2.0 release.

> * The content of the release includes the "Identity And Consent Management" approved deliverables in **[documentation](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/tree/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation)** folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The content of the release includes the "Identity And Consent Management" approved deliverables in **[documentation](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/tree/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation)** folder.
```

* The document [Authentication and Authorization Concept for Service APIs](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.1.0/documentation/CAMARA-AuthN-AuthZ-Concept.md) is part of the 0.1.0 release. **It is deprecated**. It will be removed after the 0.2.0 public release of "Identity and Consent Management".

### Main Changes

> * Creation of the [CAMARA Security and Interoperability Profile](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Creation of the [CAMARA Security and Interoperability Profile](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md) document.
```

> * Creation of the [Identity and Consent Management Examples](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-ICM-examples.md) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Creation of the [Identity and Consent Management Examples](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-ICM-examples.md) document.
```

> * Aligment of the [CAMARA APIs access and user consent management](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document with the latest decisions of the working group in the new profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Aligment of the [CAMARA APIs access and user consent management](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document with the latest decisions of the working group in the new profile.
```

### Added

> * Added paragraph describing the handling on authorization flow selection during API product ordering in the [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document by @Elisabeth-Ericsson in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/120

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added paragraph describing the handling on authorization flow selection during API product ordering in the [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document by @Elisabeth-Ericsson in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/120
```

> * Added the [`CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md) profile document by @AxelNennker in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/121

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the [`CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md) profile document by @AxelNennker in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/121
```

> * Added the [`CAMARA-ICM-examples.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-ICM-examples.md) document by @AxelNennker in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/148

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the [`CAMARA-ICM-examples.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-ICM-examples.md) document by @AxelNennker in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/148
```

> * Added 2-legged/3-legged access token definition to [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document by @jpengar in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/162

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added 2-legged/3-legged access token definition to [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document by @jpengar in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/162
```

  
### Changed
* Clarified resource server terminology by @Elisabeth-Ericsson in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/135

> * Updated the [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document with the latest decisions of the working group in the new profile by @jpengar in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/155

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document with the latest decisions of the working group in the new profile by @jpengar in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/155
```

> * Adapted the `info.description` template in [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document to "CAMARA Security and Interoperability Profile" by @AxelNennker in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/168

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adapted the `info.description` template in [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document to "CAMARA Security and Interoperability Profile" by @AxelNennker in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/168
```

### Fixed

> * Restored [`CAMARA-AuthN-AuthZ-Concept.md`]((https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.1.0/documentation/CAMARA-AuthN-AuthZ-Concept.md)) document with deprecation disclaimer by @hdamker in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/147

Reviewer: I would link here to the version within the current release, as the v0.1.0 version does not include the deprecation disclaimer:

```suggestion
* Restored [`CAMARA-AuthN-AuthZ-Concept.md`]((https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-AuthN-AuthZ-Concept.md)) document with deprecation disclaimer by @hdamker in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/147
```

> * Fixed Auth code flow error scenario when user refuses consent in [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/release-0.2.0-rc/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document by @jpengar in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/170.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed Auth code flow error scenario when user refuses consent in [`CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md`](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/blob/v0.2.0-rc.1/documentation/CAMARA-API-access-and-user-consent.md) document by @jpengar in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/170.
```

### Removed
* N/A

## New Contributors
* @Elisabeth-Ericsson made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/120
* @AxelNennker made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/121
* @hdamker made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/pull/147

> **Full Changelog**: https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/compare/v0.1.0...v0.2.0-rc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/compare/v0.1.0...v0.2.0-rc.1
```
